[ { "title": "Intro", "text": "EZ Month is an app with cheats and upgrades for Mobile Legends: Bang Bang such as skins, new maps, and battle emotes that you can inject into the game." }, { "title": "EZ MONTH", "text": "If you play Mobile Legends: Bang Bang you may be interested in an application like EZ Month. You will be able to download a range of items for the game such as new maps, skins for your characters or avatars, as well as having access to tricks and helps that are not found in the famous MOBA." }, { "title": "injector for Mobile Legends", "text": "With this application, users can get a range of premium items for Mobile Legends at no cost at all. Here you will find skins and maps for the game that can be easily downloaded just by browsing the app's menu options and choosing the one you are interested in. All you have to do is browse the categories and choose the one that you want to download into the game." }, { "title": "items that can be downloaded:", "text": "Free diamonds.\nSkins for the different types of characters.\nDrone view for getting a complete panorama of the map.\nPlayer ranking booster.\nFree download.\nNew maps.\nAvatars and emotes.\nHowever, you will need a password to access the app and that password is Gpj4. This might change, so if it doesn't work we recommend you go to Google or social network profiles to find the new password." }, { "title": "What is EZ Month Injector?", "text": "The main aim of the EZ Month Injector is to cheat the game functions and make your play fearless. Your skills will tough to the height of the roof and improve your technical gameplay. On every update, you will get new upgrades parallel to the game and simultaneous on the app. Check out more about the app, what it has exact means. Let’s go through the name EZ month injector APK.\nEZ comes from the brand name, whereas month comes from the workability of all the months in a year. So this month injector will let you inject skins, maps, and emotes into the battlefield. And the APK shows that this is an android based application that will allow you to install via a third-party solution." }, { "title": "Image for EZ Month Injector:", "text": "This images shows the EZ month injector logo and the name. On the left side simply name is written. By this you will know how the picture behind the scene is looks like." }, { "title": "EZ Month APK Password:", "text": "As we know that such apps come along with password corruption. If you will be asked for the password when you start to install the app. Simply do type Gpj4 as the app password. This is the default password from the core developers." }, { "title": "Conclusion:", "text": "After read the entire article if someone willing to download and install EZ Month Injector APK file free of cost, the follow the download button and get its most recent APK file. If you face an error of uanble to use its features then mention your issue below comment box. We will reply you as soon as posible." } ]